README.md, before:

# Proposals for HTTPS for Local Servers

This repository collects proposals on HTTPS for local servers by any participants in HTTPS in Local Network Community Group.
Before submitting a Pull Request, every contributor should note that any proposal should be derived from [Use Cases](https://github.com/httpslocal/usecases/blob/master/UseCases.md) and must satisfy [Requirements](https://github.com/httpslocal/usecases/blob/master/Requirements.md). Of course, any proposals are welcome!

- If you cannot find a use case that you assume in [Use Cases](https://github.com/httpslocal/usecases/blob/master/UseCases.md), you can feel free to propose an additional one in [the GitHub issue on use cases](https://github.com/httpslocal/usecases/issues/1). This issue is always open to explore further ideas.
- You can also discuss further consideration or improvement on [Requirements](https://github.com/httpslocal/usecases/blob/master/Requirements.md) in [the GitHub issue on requirements](https://github.com/httpslocal/usecases/issues/4). This issue will remain open for the time being.
- If you find any sort of relevant or equivalent specifications, a Pull Request to add it to [the RelevantSpecs document](https://github.com/httpslocal/usecases/blob/master/RelevantSpecs.md) is kindly appreciated.

Also, anyone can feel free to create an issue on this repository to clarify ideas or incorporate existing specifications so that we can even start with ideas on early stages.

Commit message:

Add link to CG report in README.

README.md, after:

# Proposals for HTTPS for Local Servers

This repository collects proposals on HTTPS for local servers by any participants in HTTPS in Local Network Community Group.

Proposed technical approaches are sorted out and published as a Community Group
Report, [Approaches to Achieving HTTPS in Local Network](https://httpslocal.github.io/proposals).

Before submitting a Pull Request, every contributor should note that any proposal should be derived from [Use Cases](https://github.com/httpslocal/usecases/blob/master/UseCases.md) and must satisfy [Requirements](https://github.com/httpslocal/usecases/blob/master/Requirements.md). Of course, any proposals are welcome!

- If you cannot find a use case that you assume in [Use Cases](https://github.com/httpslocal/usecases/blob/master/UseCases.md), you can feel free to propose an additional one in [the GitHub issue on use cases](https://github.com/httpslocal/usecases/issues/1). This issue is always open to explore further ideas.
- You can also discuss further consideration or improvement on [Requirements](https://github.com/httpslocal/usecases/blob/master/Requirements.md) in [the GitHub issue on requirements](https://github.com/httpslocal/usecases/issues/4). This issue will remain open for the time being.
- If you find any sort of relevant or equivalent specifications, a Pull Request to add it to [the RelevantSpecs document](https://github.com/httpslocal/usecases/blob/master/RelevantSpecs.md) is kindly appreciated.

Also, anyone can feel free to create an issue on this repository to clarify ideas or incorporate existing specifications so that we can even start with ideas on early stages.
